Jessica G: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, my goodness, you okay
Jessica G: Yeah, I'm so sorry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so go find some place comfy to hang out for a little bit and I'll open up a note.
Jessica G: I have my nephew's over because they didn't have school today.
Jessica G: Oh, I was gonna hang out in the restroom.
Jessica G: But then my nephew needed the risk. And so I'm just upstairs. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so you were kind of going through something last week to
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how have your emotions spend this week for you.
Jessica G: OK. OK.
Jessica G: OK, I feel
Jessica G: Like a lot more stable.
Jessica G: A lot
Jessica G: Like calmer.
Jessica G: Right. I've been reading the Bible. I've been
Jessica G: I bought some stuff like masks and stuff for my face. So I've been doing that.
Jessica G: Moisture a night. Well, that makes me feel better. So
Gwenevere Abriel: You had some
Gwenevere Abriel: You mentioned, I'm looking at the note from February 10
Gwenevere Abriel: You had mentioned your dreams to calm down last the prior month or had been nightmares. Almost every night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Twice a week, the past three weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was the same theme I take off. I'm out and about. And again, you end up doing drugs. I think I leave my son behind. And I remember, I have a son and then think, where is he
Gwenevere Abriel: Now over this last week. What is your dream life been like
Jessica G: I'm
Jessica G: I feel like I haven't really been dreaming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, you probably have been, but you haven't had it sounds like you haven't been woken up by nightmares. Right. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And would you say you haven't had any in the last week or the last two weeks. How long you think it's been
Jessica G: Probably like the last week. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your thoughts about that.
Jessica G: I'm pretty happy about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
So nice change.
Jessica G: Yeah, I wonder if like
Jessica G: Me.
Jessica G: Like getting closer to God or trying to build a relationship or getting in touch with my spirituality. Like, I wonder if that has anything to do with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's a great part of healing for a lot of people think that sense of unconditional love and safety think that's a, an important part of feeling one's own strength, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: don't minimize the work that you've been doing, though in here either. You've been addressing we've been able to look directly at pieces of the dreams and there's still this one that we just, we just talked about the one
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little different than the prior one we had explored and I don't know if that's something you wanted to do but
Jessica G: I'm the one where I'm with my grandparents and my crash or what what
Gwenevere Abriel: This one is
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's put it, let's put it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one you did explore had to do with sort of this negative image right that we worked
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were in your resource room, we were able to get some distance you were able to talk directly to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's, that's pretty common for people that make some progress where you can face the thing that you're afraid of, if you can talk directly to it and you were able to do that over time you were able to directly face it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the one I'm looking at right now that you talked about on the 10th, how to deal with your son and drug use.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a lot of what you talk about has to do with your son being almost afraid to be away from him. That seems to be a theme kind of is that seem familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so this dream kind of has those elements in it. But what was the one you just talked about, what was the one with your grandparents. What's that
Jessica G: I don't know if it's like this weird dream.
Jessica G: Like they have two bands and one of them is gray.
Jessica G: And so we're always like in that van and I end up like losing control of the vehicle or not knowing how to drive anymore. Like, I can't drive and then we're always like, so in some like rural area like it's just like
Jessica G: Like hills and mountains and stuff. And I always end up
Jessica G: Like the van always ends up flipping over we end up crashing and I can see us like going down.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know we got a late start, but you're not going to get much out of this. If you're having to hold me. So see if you can either put me off to the side and you can sort of sit on the bed. Let's see if we can do a little work around these
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have
Gwenevere Abriel: This one that you just talked about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this one more distressing than the one with your son like he is. He doesn't exist. Where is he, which one is the
Would you say it's more than
Jessica G: The one with my phone.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now has something in your, your actual life ever happened that resembles that
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes to mind when I asked that question.
Jessica G: I feel like it's just like
Jessica G: The typical story for women who have children were poor on drug okay they either loosen. To this day, or they
Jessica G: leave them behind what their parents or their family and
Jessica G: And I feel like that's that's always impacted me so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember even if you can't, like, say, Oh, I remember this exact thing. But do you think there were moments in your haze right of the drug use, where you forgot you had a son. Like, were you ever that high. Do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Jessica G: I didn't have kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Jessica G: I didn't have kids. No, I was, I was really young guys I didn't have kids yet. Well, I've had him. I've always been
Jessica G: Stable. I've always been with him, like I've never left his side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me get a little timeline. So I'm confused. So he's too, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been on Suboxone
Jessica G: Um, for a few months.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how do you go. What about in between. What about the seven months, you know, or the years like I'm trying to track. Whoa.
Jessica G: Why I stopped using I stopped using
Jessica G: Like all the hard drugs in 2016 in August of 2016
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jessica G: I'm with young when I was
Jessica G: I was sober for three years and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So that puts us to 2019
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had him when
When
Jessica G: All that is 2019 know so when I had him.
Jessica G: I was only sober for like a couple years. No. Not even yeah like a couple years, a year and a half a couple years. Two years something. The point is that I stopped using in 2016
Gwenevere Abriel: When was your son born
Jessica G: A
Jessica G: 2017
Jessica G: December of 2017 to 28
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so is
Gwenevere Abriel: It possible you weren't playing you found out you're pregnant, maybe, and you may have stopped using in 2016. Is that possible, and then right that he's born nine months later, December 2017
Jessica G: No, because I had already lived in California. Okay, so I got sober maybe my timelines off, but I know this is
Jessica G: How it happened. I got sober, because I know I was stuck in Mexico on my mom went to go get me from California. I ended up in Mexico, and then I moved to California.
Jessica G: With my mom. That's when I was already sober. I didn't use or anything. And I was working and I was there for for a long time, like a while I would say probably like
Jessica G: A year if not
Jessica G: Nine months or something.
Jessica G: And then I started dating.
Jessica G: His dad, and we were together for a while and then I found that I was pregnant.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just so you know, those are stories not time
Gwenevere Abriel: In other words, the sign love the story, but I can't see where what the timeline was in there so stuck in Mexico moved to California. Is it possible that when you were in California.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that may have happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did something triggers sobriety and California, maybe we can figure that out with something about being in California that you thought
Jessica G: When my mom went to go pick me up.
Jessica G: Okay, so pretty. Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jessica G: And you're thinking, I didn't use anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that marked it so stopped. So some writing about right in there and you think that that was 2016
Jessica G: I think so. It could have been 2015 I don't know really things are really hazy back
Jessica G: Yeah, yeah, sounds like
Jessica G: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Jessica G: Would you share with 2016 and so my timeline has been on
Jessica G: Oh no, because it's three
Jessica G: Years now it's three years now. It wasn't three years back then, back then it was only like the year
Okay, I'll just go backwards here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All my little months.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sometime, maybe an April of 2019 maybe maybe March or April. Your you found out you were pregnant.
Jessica G: Of 2017 it was March 15 of 2017 when I found out I was pregnant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Jessica G: And then I got, I know I got sober. It was August 2016 so it wasn't even that long when, after I got pregnant and I had been sober, but I know for a fact I've never used ever since then, since my mom will pick me up from Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So yeah, so we've got august so 2016
Gwenevere Abriel: September, October, November, December, January through March. It's about what seven months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're pregnant then you stay sober, right. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you have him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: So december of 2017
Gwenevere Abriel: You have your son, and is there a relapse between then and now.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: Well, I got I had tried out to Suboxone because I I started feeling really anxious and everything and I decided that I wanted to get on the program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me hear that correctly.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have my son. I feel anxious and I try Suboxone. Did I get that right.
Jessica G: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where did you get Suboxone was this off the street.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and who told you that Suboxone would help with anxiety.
Jessica G: Um, I don't know what I mean. I took it and it made me feel better. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So how long did that last
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: Two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what happened.
Jessica G: I got on the program. I called
Jessica G: Bright health right heart health, or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so help me. I've got December 2000 2017 and then way up here to current like there's this there's like two years. I can't quite see what was going on in there, see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you saying that before you started Braveheart
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd only been taking Suboxone on your own for two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, before that. So let's say all of 2018
Gwenevere Abriel: You were playing
Jessica G: I was writing my schooling that yes
Gwenevere Abriel: white knuckling it. Okay.
Jessica G: Yeah, yeah, I was
Jessica G: I was
Jessica G: I guess I was just so afraid that I would go back or not, like, you know, I didn't want to in I felt like, for me, it was a measure that I
Jessica G: Wanted to take to make sure that I didn't
You know,
No, tell me what I
Jessica G: Think taking the Suboxone. What about
Jessica G: To like as a kind of a, I don't know.
Jessica G: I heard that it keeps people sober. You know, it keeps people from relaxing and I didn't want to relax. Oh, I see. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So were you because you first. You said I was feeling anxious
Jessica G: Do you remember. Do you remember feeling anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember thinking, I want to use heroin. Do you remember having strong cravings.
Jessica G: No, um, it was never like Oh, I'm gonna go out and use like no I'm I just, I've always known about Suboxone
Jessica G: And so I was like, well, I'm gonna take it.
Jessica G: Just to see how it goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, where did we start here.
On Suboxone since you
Gwenevere Abriel: First, you said you're on it for three months before and now you're thinking is more like two weeks.
Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Jessica G: It says that I was on it for three months.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reading the Bible masks typical says typical story of a woman on drugs. And then I have a little scribble here on Suboxone three months, but then you read clarified, yeah.
Jessica G: No, no, I've been on it for about three months now that I got your
Jessica G: Program. We're talking about before I got on the program, right, or in my
Gwenevere Abriel: Desk probably what this notice it's just a little scribble it doesn't mean anything. It's just, I'm trying to see what my notes are so this is
Total
Gwenevere Abriel: This is probably a total
Jessica G: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so this originally started with trying to kind of get a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Content of the dreams wanting to know if there were times where you were using
Gwenevere Abriel: With your son.
Jessica G: But that's not the no, no, no, it's
Jessica G: The only thing that has ever come close to it is the Suboxone but even then.
Jessica G: Like when I would take it. I would take it at night when everybody was asleep.
Jessica G: And then
Jessica G: It's it started getting like as a couple weeks progressed. It was like
Jessica G: I'm
Jessica G: Like, oh I need it. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, oh I need it. Now tell me what that actually meant
Jessica G: Like I started feeling nice
Jessica G: Sick, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you felt sick during the day.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was the moment
Jessica G: Yeah, like that. First it was okay. And I was like, Oh, this isn't so bad you know I
Jessica G: I can get on the program know do all that and
Jessica G: And then I was like,
Jessica G: Well, I ran out.
Jessica G: He's up I run now.
Jessica G: Then I got to feeling what it was like. Without it, and I had it felt like them one time. And I was like, yep. I'm definitely getting on the burger. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So originally you described that you went looking to self medicate anxiety.
Jessica G: Yeah yeah that's that's part of it. Yeah.
Jessica G: It wasn't just like one specific thing like oh I'm tackling this with this, like, No, I was just the whole idea I get, like, I don't want to go back
Jessica G: Well, I want to go back and this is me, obviously I'm you know probably thinking now, it probably wasn't the best way to do it, but for me it was like
Jessica G: This is the preventive preventive measures measures that I'm taking you know yeah
Jessica G: Not to go back, I understand, like, I'm hard on myself about even taking the medication even being on the program even doing that. Like I feel like I messed up, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Before that you described that you are white knuckling so being a new a new mom, you know, in December of 2017 and
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometime into 2018 right you called that time period where you were white knuckling it
Jessica G: What was that like
Being a new mom.
Jessica G: My on my time and energy was just
Jessica G: Like used up.
Jessica G: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What was there to white knuckle. Tell me what that means, because that's a phrase and not everyone knows like metaphors and Idioms are really cool, but I need to understand what that meant. What does that mean,
Jessica G: So,
Jessica G: Just like the whole quitting cold turkey and
Jessica G: Fighting the urges and just doing it by myself.
Jessica G: You know, okay.
Jessica G: So there were not by myself.
Jessica G: But without any help.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so during that time what what support, did you have during that time.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: I had
Jessica G: My mom.
Jessica G: pretty much always with my mom what
Jessica G: Wish I had
Gwenevere Abriel: What was she doing that was felt supportive
Jessica G: I didn't know she was there.
Jessica G: There and
Jessica G: You know,
Jessica G: That's something that I hadn't had in a long time.
Jessica G: So I had to plug my phone in
Gwenevere Abriel: You said she's there now a mom can be standing right here and be there. Was she supportive
Jessica G: Yeah. How so, how so
Jessica G: I'm
Jessica G: She
Jessica G: Well, she went to go get me all the way up there. She drove all the way over there was a 17 hour drive
Gwenevere Abriel: That was 2016 now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, look where we are, we're up here. It were a pair of 2018 that's that's like a couple years ago. So here you are, you're in this white knuckle experience, right, you're a new mama. You said your mom's there. And so I'm getting into real specifics. People can be standing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can say they're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's about it. So I'm checking in to see if you felt support.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you went all the way back to me from Mexico on, thank goodness. Right. So glad, but we're talking about when you had to white knuckle it, you're a new mom. That's the part because this is when the cravings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Started creeping in.
Jessica G: The cravings. I felt like the cravings didn't start creeping in until
Jessica G: Like the dust settled until everything was calm and I had time to myself.
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: I feel like that's when the craving started creeping in.
Jessica G: So I before then, like, okay, so I decided to leave from California with my three month old son because I was having so many issues over there. I got in a huge fight with my mom's boyfriend and she left me. She left with him like
Jessica G: She asked me at that apartment by myself for like three days with a newborn baby because she chose to go with her boyfriend and basically pick her boyfriend side.
Jessica G: And then
Jessica G: His Dad was
Jessica G: Just doing his own thing I would ask him for help. I would see him on the internet at 40 niners game because we were in San Jose.
Jessica G: 40 niners games.
Jessica G: wrapped in a blanket with another girl, you know, just instead of being there for his son, you know, and so I was like, I'm going to Albuquerque. I'm going back to Albuquerque where my family's that I'm going to go to Pima
Jessica G: Medical School. I did that. And then his dad decided to come work over here.
Jessica G: Is that
Jessica G: I told him you know what you need to come over here and you need to help me with your son.
Jessica G: Like
Jessica G: You get to live a free life with no responsibilities, no nothing like
Jessica G: Can be responsible. Like, I have my own apartment, my own car. And you're sleeping on your mom's couch like you know
Jessica G: And so he did and he got a job. And that's what's given me the opportunity to stay home and raise my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, nice.
Jessica G: Yeah, so that's how that went. And I do. I have a lot of resentment towards him for that to
Jessica G: The bunch of stuff that I'm still working through. But as far as the Suboxone thing goes like I
Jessica G: Know my mind was all hazy in it. I figured if I got on Suboxone program then that was a way of me making sure that I wouldn't really
Yeah, I understand.
Jessica G: And by anxiety I meant like cravings, like I felt inside because I was getting cravings. Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you came here to Albuquerque with a three month old and you in order for you to go to school at Pima who take care of the baby.
Jessica G: Um, I would alternate
Jessica G: alternate between my grandma and my brother.
Jessica G: But it was easy because it was from 12 o'clock.
Jessica G: To
Jessica G: Was at five o'clock.
Jessica G: Food only five hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't know how easy that is. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's still a chunk of time you were able to focus your attention you're able to put aside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you said, all that resentment that you have for her father, you're away from your baby, you're focused on on taking care of your career. So, that doesn't sound like the easiest thing in the world to do
Jessica G: No, no, no, it wasn't. I had a lot of homework and I didn't have a place to live. I didn't have a car, you know, it was hard. It was really hard and it took a lot of sacrifice and
Jessica G: It was really hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: During that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one you're describing as it was really hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember having cravings frequently during that period of time.
You
Jessica G: Know, I didn't, I didn't. I was too busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Too. Yeah.
Jessica G: Have you heard that baited
Gwenevere Abriel: You've heard it. I hope twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Twice. You heard I was really busy before too busy right with raising this baby and then watch it settles down
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and there it is again.
Jessica G: I feel like I finally now have finally gotten to like stop and everything. Hit me.
Jessica G: When before I was just
Jessica G: Going, going, going to handle it. I felt like I had no other choice because I had to do something because I was alone with the baby.
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: Even though when I, you know, like my mom told me that shoe. She told me so much stuff when she found out I enrolled in school.
Jessica G: She told me that I was wrong, but I was making a big mistake. And she cried, and
Jessica G: I don't know. I don't, I don't understand why she was coming from. But I did that.
Jessica G: And from now.
Jessica G: Yeah. Now the dust settled in
Jessica G: Marketing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's the everything's hitting me and it's the dust is settled. So those two things have my full attention. I'm very curious about them because
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of weren't ready didn't kind of want to do the therapeutic stuff. And that's okay. Sometimes it's alive. It's intense, you know, to bring up all those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And today, there's a little delay and because there's these kids around. I mean, you're responsible for these kids just keep, keep in mind that
Gwenevere Abriel: The treatment does take your undivided attention really does.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might be kind of, I don't want to say wasting time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it might end up feeling like that. Let's say you keep sort of halfway doing it, half, half, half, half, half, half, half, let's say months past months past and you and the doctor and I are like, okay, let's keep tapering
Gwenevere Abriel: And then six months have passed and then we say, I say, okay, well how practice, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: And your relationship with anxiety. How comfortable are you with resentment. How comfortable are you with. If you start to have a pang of guilt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or how comfortable are you of being away from your son. Let's say you do want to go back into the workforce. So all of those things. You and I need to be tackling them.
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're coming down off this tapering. And when you're ready, I mean the doc doesn't from what I can see, you can stay at the Super medical low dose for quite some time and be working through sort of the behavioral piece for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's so many places to start, we can start with, Hey, there's this resentment towards my ex or there's this this idea of how you handle when it's calm. That's a big one that has a lot. I think to do with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the cravings. So how you handle boredom. How you handle your own mind in this quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not able to spend too much time because we got a late start my next clients and knocking at the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let me make a little note in the record about where you want to work next time. If you could say, what's the most troubling for you. Is it about oh, these these these demons from my past, or is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh geez. What am I going to do if I'm away from my son, or is it like the quiet and calm when my mind starts to wander and I start to think about using again, or is it something about the future that you worry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really what. Where do you think you'd like to focus. Next time we're really going to zero in on it will give it lots of time.
Jessica G: And it sucks because like throughout the week. I didn't like. I know, I know what I want to talk about. I'm going to tell her.
Jessica G: Like when it comes down to it, I'm like, oh, I want to
Jessica G: Talk about it. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that with with these approaches.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can think of it like this. You notice how you like, oh, I don't want to talk about. You don't actually have to in order to experience the healing. There are some people some
Gwenevere Abriel: therapeutic approaches are they think that you have to say all of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's not actually the case, you can experience healing. If you just hold it in your own awareness, I can say, okay, do you have it. Are you picturing the worst part of that event. Yeah, I am. You don't have to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you don't have to retell it you know for some people they don't want to say just yet. Or maybe ever
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, especially if it was violations to the body or there was something that happened, and maybe later on they decided to but first they want to have this sort of desensitization so it
Gwenevere Abriel: It feels more comfortable to even think about it. So I just want to remind you, you don't actually have to go into all the details about it, you can just hold it in your awareness, we can still be doing for example that em, Dr. And you can still have a positive effect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, for there to be changed there does need to be a little bit of discomfort, we do have to bring up one. You know what I mean. You don't have to tell it to me though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you just kind of have to hold it in there and I can hold it and I don't like that image. Yep, that's it. That must be because, look, I'm up my body's getting a little distress, this, this is an important one.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little different with the dreams with dream work. What I like to do is maybe have, have you talking to the different parts in the dream. It's a little different dynamic. I'm happy to go any direction you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what you had thought you wanted to talk about and kind of decided not to.
What the topic was
Jessica G: Yeah.
I do
Jessica G: I do
Jessica G: It was about one of the like the trauma. The big one that I had a little girl and like when they asked me about it. I
Jessica G: I like protected that person and I want to know why I don't understand why. Why did I do that why you
Gwenevere Abriel: Why you protected like a sister or a while you protected someone else. Yeah.
Jessica G: Like who harmed me
Gwenevere Abriel: Good one. So, you know,
Jessica G: What's wrong with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely not. No, no, no. And Damn, that's a great one. So I'll make a little note of that and look at all in the container and you don't have to think about it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll carry that and let's see. Let's see if we can get some new thoughts about it in there because that's that's way off, you didn't. There's nothing wrong with you. You didn't do anything wrong. Absolutely not very common what you just described, so let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, yeah. So let me get in there and and help you with that one.
Jessica G: Okay, cool. Thank you. And then to also I wanted to say that I haven't what I just said, like everything like leading up to right now. I hadn't really talked about it or said it out loud, and I feel a lot better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really even that's
Gwenevere Abriel: When I didn't know that.
Jessica G: Because I feel like a sense of validation, like I look I did work hard. I did do it it it wasn't all for nothing. You know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, oh my god. We just kick butt.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I'm listening. I can't imagine this, this time in your life. I mean, that's, that's amazing. Definitely strong woman.
Powerful
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to skip we'll meet again this this time next week and then
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Carefully will pull out what you're ready to pull out first, we're going to really feel resource and safe and secure. Before we even begin. Okay.
Jessica G: Thank you. Sorry about being late.
Happens.
Is you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming you're at the other room, and you'll make your way. Oh.
Tomas Valdez: Sorry, I was doing I was doing dishes. Why you
Tomas Valdez: Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me do send
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, my, my, I'm on my cell phone. I don't. I left my laptop at my mom's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're right now I'm going to send a message to dr Arielle
Gwenevere Abriel: You're missing the one o'clock group right now is that right today.
Tomas Valdez: I will be, oh, I mean that's, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they don't watch it. I really want to talk to you because there's been a huge disconnect. So let me just a quick message now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either grab your medication or maybe you know if this is typically a day where you get medicine ordered
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you out.
Tomas Valdez: No, I'm not out
Tomas Valdez: You have enough to get you
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way to next Monday.
Tomas Valdez: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You gotta be
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, I didn't think of it that way. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have another opportunity for another order until
Tomas Valdez: I keep on thinking and Dr. Solomon, the way he he was prescribing, you know, the, you know, a lot at a time, instead of not
Tomas Valdez: All of it at one time, you know, I mean, I'm so I'm I'm there. I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're almost there. So here we go. Hold on just two seconds. So tell us, um, the is meeting me instead today. How many days of medication, do you have left.
Tomas Valdez: One taken
Gwenevere Abriel: One more day
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, he will
Gwenevere Abriel: Me.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, I got like a day and a half. Something like that, yeah, day and a half.
Tomas Valdez: So, no, no, no. You're right. No. So it would be too because I, yeah, I forgot. I'm not break I don't break it up anymore. And I'm sorry, I'm just
Tomas Valdez: My mind in a million places right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's done me just say, oh, not quite, not be
Actually you're more than welcome to attend group. We just can't build for it.
Tomas Valdez: I well i mean i'm i'm going to be on the road driving up with my mom and I don't I don't I know for a fact. Like I have cricket switches, you know, crappy cell phone service. So, and I don't get a I won't have reception. The whole drive up there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what happened to you, and I'm very concerned, is there some sort of like embarrassment or is there something I'm missing. Am I being clueless or naive about something.
Tomas Valdez: As far as what
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what happened to you. I mean you do experience something that hurts your face and
Tomas Valdez: It can't see it anymore. I tore up all this gabbing and stuff and
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know what happened to you.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, I
Tomas Valdez: You know I never ever ever go out and I started to get depressed about it. And finally, and I reached out. So my cousins and
Tomas Valdez: Oh, but well be well okay well that's the bad part first. But there was a good part like like I text you about going to the basketball game anyway um so I went with my cousins, my cousin and his girlfriend.
Tomas Valdez: To my other cousins Brock show. And then we went to this other place to go play games afterwards and
Tomas Valdez: They weren't letting one of one of them in. And so I was trying to get out. But I was designated driving
Tomas Valdez: And I feel like I hit the tapping on the window like that. So I could get my cousin's attempt, my, my cousin's girlfriends attention so she could turn around and come back out because was really loud.
Tomas Valdez: And I broke the glass on accident. I'm like, Whoa, I'm like, I looked at the bouncer like I'm like dude, I'm so sorry. Like I'm I'll pay for it. No problem at the law and he just lost it. He lost he freaked out on me and owner came out and was like, whoa, like, yeah, like, calm down like chill.
Tomas Valdez: You know, and then he he walked back and see, for some reason, I don't know why. And then that same balancer. But no, it was like, now you're now you're asked
Tomas Valdez: Like what he's, he's like, Get the f off the property like okay, cool. Alright, so I went and I wasn't being like mouthy or anything. And I went and got off the property.
Tomas Valdez: And I was standing there anything. No, I said. He said, I said, Get the f out of here. I'm like, dude, I'm off your property. I'm not even on your property. I'm waiting for my cousin, relax.
Tomas Valdez: And he's like, oh, okay. It's like that mother effort. And he said, and he sends just like a pack of like a pack of 15 dudes after me. It's like literally like around 15 is what I counted
Tomas Valdez: And I was like holy shit like oh my god I'm gonna die right now. And I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Calm down. Calm down. I was trying to call them down. They wouldn't come down.
Tomas Valdez: And so I started, I started, I turn around and I started jogging, like, Oh, why are you running a little pussy. Why you ready little pussy.
Tomas Valdez: Like what my do, let alone and I'm recognized start sprinting as fast as I can. I'm sprinting for a good i don't know maybe quarter mile
Tomas Valdez: Before one of them caught me he caught me from behind by kicking my legs out from on me. Boom. I hit the frickin summit.
Tomas Valdez: And ended up with a ton of gravel and stuff inside of me and then they just started beating me like, no. Actually, no. I popped up really fast.
Tomas Valdez: I feel like I got like two punches off and then they grabbed me and got me the ground and just started kicking me in the head. They knocked me out. And then they were holding me up like this, boo, boo, boom, boom, boom.
Tomas Valdez: And that's when the cops got there.
Tomas Valdez: I woke up like I for a brief for a brief second of consciousness. I had
Tomas Valdez: They were taking my wallet out that I get is fucking law get his fucking wallet, take a picture of it, take a picture of it. Well, we will know who he is, will know who he is. So they know who the hell I am and they know exactly where I live.
Tomas Valdez: Now whatever happens even if not so I'm gonna, I'm going to press charges that was that's ridiculous bullshit. You know, I mean,
Tomas Valdez: But I'm scared to though because they know exactly where I live, and they're ghetto people you know I'm saying, like, I'm, I mean, this happened like in like the Scottsdale of new mecca of Albuquerque. I mean, like, yeah, so it's like, I don't
Tomas Valdez: And then so yeah so I'm dealing with all that and then you know I'm healing and it's going horrible.
Tomas Valdez: And I got a really bad concussion from it. And because they're they're pounding. You know, this isn't really the, I mean, the worst right here right don't have school that's like
Tomas Valdez: It's like it's almost like they knew I had a TBI and i and i have a mess here. It's like they knew and all the doctors at the lake. Do you are
Tomas Valdez: Beyond lucky, like you're you're beyond the 99.9% luck, like you are ridiculous lucky at your life like how you are alive is you don't know like you got hit. So you got you got hit so hard. So many times in that spot Matt tender spot you should be dead.
Tomas Valdez: And I read them in the in the ambulance got me and they took me into they took me to the hospital. My mom came my brother drove down from from
Tomas Valdez: From Espanola
Tomas Valdez: That was good and bad, but whatever he tried to kind of he basically try and make it seem like he like he went there with the border first and then he's on his way out. He was like, this is your fault. I'm like,
Tomas Valdez: Dude, you are doing it again. Like, son of a bitch like don't do that. Like, come on, how it was my fault. You know I'm saying, like, every, every single time something happens, it's my fault. It's not New Mexico as well.
Tomas Valdez: You know, I mean it's not New Mexico. That's the problem or the ship the shitty place it's Tomas, you know, I mean, and that's that's kind of been our little riff as of lately, but I let it go really fast and I was ok yeah whatever you
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you. What is it that you think, do you have a black cloud. You're just just crap luck.
Tomas Valdez: You just don't. I am just I don't know at this point, like I'm just, I'm scared to walk out. My frickin front door. You know, I mean like
Tomas Valdez: I put it like this to like I've made a Facebook post about it, of course, and showing like how like how really screwed up. I was and
Tomas Valdez: I don't know why, but I think, well, I know, I know why I was doing it for documentation. But I recorded myself like in the ER and stuff like that. I was unit for documentation for court but um
Tomas Valdez: Yeah. What are we talking about. I'm sorry. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Originally, and maybe the invitation is. Let's just, let's just really take everything down to slow where we don't have to. We don't have to move fast. We get to
Tomas Valdez: Just
Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: In general,
Gwenevere Abriel: It was it was this
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, all these things. Yeah, terrifying and thank goodness you're alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, then there's this inter personal hit this slam of and it's your fault. And so what I asked was, what do you do with this and
Tomas Valdez: That's what we're talking about. I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, whether you attribute it to, well, this is my lot in life and this negativity is going to follow me everywhere. I'm helpless to it or is it something else. Because what your brother said to you, really looks like it hurts your feelings.
Tomas Valdez: You know and I, you know, I've never told I've never talked to my brother like this before. And I said, Get the fuck out of my room.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, and he was because we were sitting there going back and forth. He's like, Well, I'm. He's like, he's like, I don't care. I don't care. He's like one here tonight.
Tomas Valdez: I'm like, Yeah, you are. Here we are here being an asshole dude like you come in here and telling me you want nothing but the best for me.
Tomas Valdez: Doesn't give you permission to tell you to tell me whatever the hell you think whatever you want about my life, like, whatever it is. You think that's what he does, he's like, I only want the best for you.
Tomas Valdez: But do you know that every single time and it bugs, the shit out of me. And I told him it bugs, the shit out of me.
Tomas Valdez: He takes New Mexico side every time because he loves this place. And this is where is, you know, this is worse companies at this is where his family's at this where everything's at. So, of course, so he's taking this place inside and he's blowing my mind.
Tomas Valdez: Like I'm like dude, this place is a known shithole. If you go on YouTube. They have a top five top five places in the country, not to live or top 10 places and New Mexico is number three.
Tomas Valdez: What does that tell you you know I'm saying, like, we're working, we're like, we're number one in crime in most in most categories. What does that tell you it's not me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you want you want to
Tomas Valdez: Feel i'm sorry i totally dominated on you. I apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, sometimes when people do that they really have no one that can hear them and see them and it can feel good to feel validated by someone
Gwenevere Abriel: And other times it's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not what's needed what's needed is a way to opt out of the same cycle for some people it's like, I don't want to feel this rage. I don't want to feel this resentment, so that the interventions are a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you today is today about like really being heard, because no one's hearing you.
Tomas Valdez: I don't know. No, I mean I'm over that with him. Like I had no choice. We then
Tomas Valdez: As I was healing from all that crap my grandma, who I take care of with my mother passed away this past Sunday.
Tomas Valdez: Who I'm super close with who's my, like, number one, she's like my mother. You know what I mean, like,
Tomas Valdez: I hang out with her more than I hung out with anybody else in New Mexico, since I've been here she's
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're very blessed to have known someone that loves you like that tomorrow. Some people don't think the so I'm I know it hurts. But that means that you are loved so deeply, TRULY
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: What's now.
Tomas Valdez: I know already, just like a one stop like this call this ship and stop. It's like nothing will stop. But even if I don't leave my house batches happening. It's like
Tomas Valdez: It doesn't have any you leaving the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the magical. That part is some magical thinking it's you don't determine the life and death and behaviors people you don't you're powerful man, but not quite that powerful. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Leave your house when you want to, you have the same rights and you are an interesting, important guy, but my guess is THESE THUGS. So move on to some other targets more interesting ones.
Tomas Valdez: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's focus on you enjoying your next moment, enjoying being who you are, again, because you could spend time kind of coming up with really good reasons to be upset, but knowing the kind of injury that you've had just get styled up so high.
Tomas Valdez: You know, it's like it was so bad that I had my concussion. I couldn't drive but I Uber to school, just so I could be around people and not be in that funk.
Tomas Valdez: Like I couldn't even think straight. I couldn't, I couldn't understand anything that teacher was telling me I couldn't comprehend like that was pointless for me to be in class.
Tomas Valdez: I didn't learn a damn thing that day, like I just need to be around people kind of, I think, I don't know, or feel safer just, I don't know what it was, but I just I needed to be around just people that had smiles on their faces, I guess, or something like, I don't know. I don't know. I'm just
Tomas Valdez: Want to do anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are wired for that social connection we are required for that. So it makes sense that you would you have gone to that that kind of refuge, you know, safety of people so that has a lot of logic to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that was smart. That was good self care. I like that.
Tomas Valdez: Try. Oh no, that was one thing I could think of, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me face on a couple of things with you okay um
Gwenevere Abriel: You are prescribed a medication or checking on medication or checking on sleep when I checked in on eating and then move to a couple other things. So for you, are you, I know you're seeing a psychiatrist, are you taking the medication as prescribed.
Tomas Valdez: hearse. Uh, yeah, I mean, not all, no, I guess. No, no, no. I'm taking less than and what she's
Gwenevere Abriel: She's prescribing a lot of the benzodiazepines.
Tomas Valdez: Be prescribing me 60 of them, but I told her that I've tapering down and she just keeps giving me the same amount. So I have, I have a bunch of little quarters and halves and I have a whole separate bottle for that just quarters and halves of that just breaking it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much benzodiazepine you're taking a day over the last week. Let's just say
Tomas Valdez: I'm taking
Tomas Valdez: See one milligram the morning and one milligram afternoon I'm taking one till
Tomas Valdez: I'm being prescribed to okay
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's two milligrams basically a day.
Tomas Valdez: You're either tomorrow or two milligram pills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually milligrams a day. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it, okay.
Tomas Valdez: And if I'm having like, Well, no, this past week I've been taking like an extra half dollar honestly like since since all this happened like I started taking a half more or a coordinate. Well, not a half, maybe like a quarter more. So just, you know, something a little extra bag.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any mood stabilizer antidepressant.
Tomas Valdez: Just the Gabba Penton
Tomas Valdez: I and I crap you not, that really has been a mood stabilizer for me like a lot like
Tomas Valdez: Wow way but the only bad part is, it has made my IBS insanely bad like
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, can I talk to you about food for just a second. And let me just
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking gamma pen has been let me just put improving him proving let's get some specific symptoms that it is relieving. And so what has it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe increase. So for some people it's I feel happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your concentration baba baba those things and then
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel happier. Okay.
Tomas Valdez: Happy. Yes, I'm not, I'm not doing this anymore. I'm doing this.
Okay.
Tomas Valdez: I'm not doing like I was having, you know, manic like bad. No more mania just more. I mean, a little bit, but just more even kill if I'm feeling the mania. I'll go and I'll take a
Tomas Valdez: You know, I just, you know, I just started getting prescribed the 150s and smooth sailing good
Gwenevere Abriel: Your cycles tend to be the ups and downs happen within a single day. Right. Yeah.
Tomas Valdez: They can be I mean take yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And this this psychiatry your I remember there was a bipolar diagnosis, but it was not. You weren't diagnosed it before the the brain injury, is that correct
No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Tomas Valdez: But I really hadn't really had like a sec. Yeah, psychiatric evaluation evaluation. Before my accident, though, so
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: People describe you as
Tomas Valdez: Well, yeah.
Tomas Valdez: I guess I had, I like, I take that back. Right. Go ahead. Sorry.
Tomas Valdez: I had. But what about family counseling with my with my family, my parents split up and all that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so in family counseling, you were a teenager or
Tomas Valdez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so as a teenager. Do you remember if you were diagnosed with bipolar disorder at that point.
I wasn't
Tomas Valdez: I wasn't diagnosed
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember it's okay if you don't, but in a single day you experienced this kind of intense up and down, day after day, up, down, up, down in a 24 hour span.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, yeah. Sometimes I would. And then, you know, I think I've told you before, but like my my safe thing to do is to grab a pellet like anywhere I go, I always have to grab a pillow on a couch and put it in front of me and hold it like that.
Tomas Valdez: You hold it like that, you know, and I have to hold it tight. And I've been doing that ever since. Like I was going into those those, uh,
Tomas Valdez: Those sessions in that in that therapist. Notice that she's like you're shielding yourself like that's your safety blanket, whatever, and I still do it as an adult like even if I go to a stranger's house. I'll go grab something, anything so I can grab and hold it in front of me.
Tomas Valdez: It's weird.
Tomas Valdez: But my and all my friends noticed in the all a, it's a joke now amongst my friends and they're okay with it. Of course, because you're used to it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: How much sleep. Are you getting
Tomas Valdez: It's been horrible. Lately it's been weird lately I've been waking up like at 3:34am and, you know, and that's after going to bed at 1130 at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're getting three or four hours of sleep.
Yeah.
Tomas Valdez: Just as bad as just this past week I've just been waking up to really bad stomach pain so
Tomas Valdez: Once I'm up, I'm up
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about food for just a second, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sure I'm not the first person to to bring up this the gut brain access right
Gwenevere Abriel: Correct. Okay. When you research it. What do you do with this because this is pretty new information.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that we really get that the sort of micro biome of the gut can determine our mood. I mean, this is pretty revolutionary. This is like what
Gwenevere Abriel: How can that be where this is where we make 80% of our serotonin and the information travels a fairly up to the brain about 80 90% from the stomach up, not the other way around.
Gwenevere Abriel: With you, having an era Bell, right, the whole the whole and look what you just did you just went have my whole life where I have something in front of me right you you have and you have this profound experience of having this time for matic breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring your emotions down, you have these tiny little crumbs of clues. And I just wonder if they comprise a bigger understanding of what's going on in that belly and
Tomas Valdez: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you done to really take a look at that gut health, what are you doing to make sure it's healthy stuff going in there.
Tomas Valdez: Honestly, not beyond Not lately, especially lately. Lately I've just been like honestly forgetting to eat, and then I'll just grab whatever I can. And he
Tomas Valdez: Know I norm. I mean, I was
Tomas Valdez: I mean, I mean you know obviously being a trainer I'm agro about my eating, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but that's all I grow up, I have no idea what those things mean. I need to get into specifics, I need to understand what we're talking about. So I want you to explain to me a healthy diet if you say one of your healthy diet for me is this, tell me what it is.
Tomas Valdez: For breakfast, I would say.
Tomas Valdez: Some
Tomas Valdez: You know, two eggs. Couple of egg whites.
Tomas Valdez: Some red potatoes or sweet potatoes on the on the grill.
Tomas Valdez: You know, shut it up hash browns.
Tomas Valdez: Some fruit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on a grill is not the same as shredded up and put in a pan with butter.
Which
Tomas Valdez: Gotcha. Well, now with now and butter, but all boil
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have egg whites. We have two egg whites. We have sweet potatoes. Maybe it turned into hash browns, with some olive oil. Okay.
Tomas Valdez: What else
Tomas Valdez: I have half an avocado.
Okay.
Tomas Valdez: Let's see, and then normally a breakfast me normally Turkey sausage your turkey bacon.
Tomas Valdez: And I do that in my air fryer.
Alright.
Tomas Valdez: And what do you think sometimes fruit with it, you know, on the side or it wasn't, but it was it was some kind of she's like some bag or an orange.
Gwenevere Abriel: mandarin oranges would be the fruit typically
Tomas Valdez: With with the cottage cheese okay mandarin oranges with cottage cheese. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else drink.
Water
Tomas Valdez: I don't drink juice, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, when was the last time you had that type of meal.
Tomas Valdez: It's been a little bit
Tomas Valdez: Like two and a half weeks, probably, I think right like probably like right before I got hurt and they were i right right before you buy bread before the fight thing happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: About two and a half weeks ago now. How long had you been ingesting that type of a breakfast. How long had you day after day then eating like that.
Tomas Valdez: Not that exact breakfast but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let the specificity go
Tomas Valdez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been eating what you described as a healthy and we now have an example healthy eating how long
Tomas Valdez: A healthy eating. Oh, I'm
Tomas Valdez: Past couple years few years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so for two years was eating.
Tomas Valdez: More than that, like, three, four years.
Tomas Valdez: Four years closer
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: For those two years. What were the symptoms like of the ideas.
Tomas Valdez: They were the same, actually, but not as pronounced. There were, I would wake up with stomach pain and but once I when we read my, you know, got, you know, got emptied my bowels. I was alright.
Tomas Valdez: But, uh,
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, I would. I mean, every morning, it would it would hurt waking up, but just not as bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's the degree of pain or it was diarrhea or like, that's why I kind of want to understand
Tomas Valdez: It's always been diarrhea. It's been diarrhea since I got her
Tomas Valdez: We're not if that's, that's weird huh I went from like how Suboxone severely constipated you to all of a sudden pure diarrhea all the time.
Tomas Valdez: It went from one to the other, within a week.
Tomas Valdez: It was so weird. I even went and saw a gastroenterologist over it and they couldn't tell me anything.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I just sit with this. I don't know. I can't give nutritional advice I'm not qualified to do it, but I can't not talk about it. I can't not included in the conversation. There's too much information out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to introduce it and just, we're just going to talk about it from the outside, as if looking in a fishbowl, okay, we're just talking about it all. Look at that fish is orange and alluded a little fins.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're talking about changing nutrition intake. That's what we're looking at, through the fishbowl here. What if, wait, we haven't started talking about yet. What if
Gwenevere Abriel: It meant radically changing what you ate, but it also might mean you didn't have pain and diarrhea. And what if it also meant you could find happy on a regular basis. Also, what if changing what you were eating could help you feel happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you really treated, since it's it's in your bowels and its whole job is to manage food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And now we know it also is a place where it manages the the serotonin. What if you were really on purpose about it and you took it quite seriously.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not qualified, but a nutritionist would be right. And so I pulled from the little bits out there like
Tomas Valdez: dietitian actually registered dietitian. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone who can talk to you about, you know, well if you yell at some interesting. It says it's got probiotics in it. But you know what, it doesn't have this one. And what about
Tomas Valdez: Hold on one sec. I'm sorry. You've jumped off my screen.
Tomas Valdez: There we go. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Things like right fermented food, you know, and having some appropriate good as far as science there. They're a little fuzzy on which probiotics are the ones that are actually helping healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: But that you actually ate, whole grains as in short grain brown rice and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know this cottage cheese. Maybe you shifted to a kind of a kind of yogurt that had had what you needed in your gut, like a probiotic in it right all these things like a Kieffer you started filling your fridge with things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right what is some. What if, if you knew you feel better. I mean, would it be worth it to to see it as fuel instead of just sort of pleasing the taste buds. Instead, it was I have I'm being forced, in a sense, to feed and fuel this body differently.
Tomas Valdez: No problem. I've done I have I have strawberry Kieffer in my fridge rater. As a matter of fact, like I've
Tomas Valdez: I've tried. I'm trying that like I have I have private probiotics that are on the top of the fridge refrigerated probiotics, but my problem is, I'm be honest I don't take them religiously. That's my, that's where I fail. And if I did that, it probably help
Gwenevere Abriel: But look how far you've come already, you already have the mindset you already have a at least a spark of like I kind of think this might be the right thing to do. But do you notice that there are times when you might
Gwenevere Abriel: Eat maybe emotionally
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus nutritionally
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, who doesn't
Tomas Valdez: Honestly I don't eat when i when i get him on it when I get emotional. I don't. He is my thing. And then I then I'll wait. Today, then I normally wait to the end of the night when I'm just like famished and I'm like starving. And finally, I'll be that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then are you eating I'm checkers and and like fried processed food. What do you nibbling on what do you, what do you when your family. What do you, what do you end up eating.
Tomas Valdez: Oh, make a chicken breast half cup of brown rice with some teriyaki sauce and some veggies cut up in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because earlier. You did say I eat like crap.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, honestly, I can just see it. This past this past week, I have a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been eating.
Tomas Valdez: Um, I mean, homemade but still like burgers and
Tomas Valdez: Fries, stuff like that. Okay. Me. Then I'm not going out and buying them, but still not good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. All right. And do you notice the difference in how your body responds to that.
Tomas Valdez: And I'm like, oh, and then I'm before if I like instead of now that I went shopping
Tomas Valdez: I didn't like normally I really agro about the things I shop like I normally really examine all the labels to look at like the fat content and all that I always buy a leanest meet all that
Tomas Valdez: This time I really just didn't care. I was just like, just, I was just like a drone, kind of like a robot just going to the character that ok let's go. Okay. Yeah. So I meeting, not as good quality as I know me would either know me, I like organic farm raised that type thing or
Gwenevere Abriel: That word you just clarify, because you're using it a few times. What do you mean by its agro like tell me what that term means slang of some kind. I just want to make sure I
Tomas Valdez: Aggravated like ah that's agro
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you agro dating your own gut.
Tomas Valdez: Thank you, my good agro
Tomas Valdez: Maybe, maybe, I don't know. I mean, I mean, no. Because even when I eat healthy, even when I'm yet that even when I'm dieting, I'm up
Tomas Valdez: At the top at the top of my game. And I'm like, I'm I'm logging my food, taking a food diary. Same thing in the morning. I'm still I still have diarrhea in the morning, my. But my gut maybe doesn't hurt as bad, but
Tomas Valdez: Until I avoid my about until my bowels empty. They do hurt that bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've had this diagnosis for how long.
Tomas Valdez: Like five years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was this before the injury. No.
Tomas Valdez: I didn't have this problem for the injury.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: One other observation.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a day you were in distress and you were laying on your stomach and we met.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were concerned whether you could get through it and you ended up doing some pretty interesting work, but you didn't spend a lot of time focused on pain and you were really present for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember thinking that maybe there's something to, you know, the mind and the body that there might be me. Think about it. You had a brain injury and your guts freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you and I were working with the mind I was having you attend to the body. I mean, that's the psychotherapy that's working with the whole body here the whole being.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would invite you to consider that I'm the kind of work I have started to do with you and want to continue to do is all of it. It's all of it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it turns out that you do everything you can with your eating so that it's not as painful in the morning and you and I'll keep doing the work that probably even maybe preceded
Gwenevere Abriel: The injury where that whole thing of the pillow wanting to protect because that's a very symbolic place in you and and others, the gut.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanting to feel safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you, you just got an injury that makes the the every little thing around. You probably right feel unsafe. It's so sharp so vivid so intense, and you have to have a really crummy things happened recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to continue to do this work, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want you to go away. I don't want you to disappear you starting to write if you hadn't come in here today. You are no no group. No, no, no, you're pulling away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel good when you're connecting with people, at least you know they're there. On some level, so don't go. Don't go too far away. Stay here keep meeting with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep coming into group and you know you've already seen, if there are days when you really don't have it in you to do that, that analytical mind. You don't want to share. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But at least you know you're not alone. Okay. It's one thing to feel like I'm suffering. It's a whole other level to think I'm suffering alone. Do you understand that. I don't want you to know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Tomas Valdez: I'm kind of I'm just used to. I'm used to suffering alone. So it's kind of just like feels like to be like my normal. You know, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: We're just not we're not
Gwenevere Abriel: That way, we're four people. People were supposed to be interacting, you know we're supposed to be like, oh, oh, I see you. You're smiling. I hear my own voice. I hear your voice. I'm okay, you're okay. All right, now ready to play. We're just kind of wired for that. Okay.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, let me check in. We were at this month review. Want to see where what you've got written here for things you're working on, I, we've got stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop being sick and start using Suboxone to get off opiates. That's where you first walked in the door. Okay. I'm wondering if maybe we could change that one close that one. I don't know because it's it's this, it's the big one here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop being sick and start using Suboxone to get off of opiates. So you had defined that months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that still your goal. Would you phrase it just like that today.
Tomas Valdez: No, no, I don't know if I'd phrase it just like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How would you phrase.
Tomas Valdez: That I use, I need to get whatever help. I need to get to get better.
Tomas Valdez: That's what I need to do. Okay, I need that I have more of an open mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you getting help right now.
Tomas Valdez: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yours, it's a fine goal. I'm one of these stickler people that
Gwenevere Abriel: If I don't know exactly what help is defined as then I'll have trouble measuring whether we've reached it. So let's look at it like this. I want you to just hold in your mind that you probably came into this program, you may have identified as someone who had a substance abuse issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold that in your mind for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of, say, oh, I see this in myself. These particular behaviors, these particular things there's these pros. These cons. Now I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Five years from now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now see if you can come up with an i want statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want for your future.
Family
Tomas Valdez: That's easy.
Tomas Valdez: No, I can buy my own family, but I want job security, I want
Tomas Valdez: You know, I want the American dream. I want the house the picket fence and three car garage and
Gwenevere Abriel: Get there by using opiates.
Tomas Valdez: Hell, no. Not a million years. Well, who knows.
Tomas Valdez: All these million dollar freakin junkies out there are unhappy, but I know that's not the right way. And I'm not going to get there. That way, and it's not going to help me, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Came into this program.
Tomas Valdez: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: And you think that it has gotten a little clearer. It's not this stop being sick and start using Suboxone you've already started using Suboxone you've reached that goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you not taking Suboxone. Yeah, you are. So now I want you to think about, what do you call yourself to call yourself chemically dependent and addict drug user, I want to know what term you call yourself when it comes to substances, what do you call yourself.
Tomas Valdez: As much of a lie. It is to myself. I guess I can call myself an ex opiate user, which I'm not, so I'm using Adobe it
So,
Tomas Valdez: I guess I'm I guess it depends. It depends what group I'm in. If I
Gwenevere Abriel: Come on, come look at me. Don't lose this connection you great say here, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You are taking a long acting opiate it is for the treatment of chemical dependence to an opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: It is filling the opiate receptors and it's quite sticky so it stays there longer it stays 2436 hours where the short acting ones pop right off. And then of course you're experiencing with all these are sticky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Suboxone stays on there longer you are chemically dependent now hold that in your truth to wherever that needle is for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to tell me what your goal is.
Tomas Valdez: Not be clinic chemically dependent
Gwenevere Abriel: Like right the goal. I don't want to be chemically dependent. Is that my truth or years
Tomas Valdez: My truth.
Really
Tomas Valdez: Think so. Right. Or I met my mindset and my mother standing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo, I want to make sure that it's not about what I want, I'm being very careful because
Tomas Valdez: I know
Tomas Valdez: You want from your treatment program. I mean, I mean, that's one of the
Tomas Valdez: That's one of the things I want.
Gwenevere Abriel: To say it one more time so
Tomas Valdez: Yeah. One of the things I want for my children. Yeah, I don't wanna. I don't want to have. I don't have substance in my life.
Tomas Valdez: Okay, there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what am i right
Tomas Valdez: I don't want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will follow up.
Tomas Valdez: I just got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want was that in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Tomas Valdez: Now, or at least I don't, I don't want to have to depend on a substance. I don't want, I don't want to need a pill to feel happy. I don't want to need a pill to control my anxiety. I don't want you know oh
Tomas Valdez: I don't want it. I don't need a pill to make me feel better and not in pain, you know,
Tomas Valdez: So I feel normal. Normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay but regarding the substance use. I don't want to be dependent on a substance to feel happy or feel no pain is all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That basically gets it.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Think he said feel normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I really got it. Okay, there we go. Now that is a little bit more precise versus stopped being sick and start using Suboxone to get off opiates.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're already taking you're already taking the Suboxone you shouldn't be feeling any withdrawal symptoms, unless you are
The most
Tomas Valdez: Economical
Gwenevere Abriel: And I definitely know um let me see. I think we have a different spot in here.
Tomas Valdez: Actually I have. I do have a question, though. Ever since I started taking it all in one dose instead of splitting up my dose into two into two in a day. I have noticed my stomach pain and has gotten a little worse.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, when I went from just taking in the morning or whatever or know when I went from taking it in the morning and the afternoon. I wasn't waking up with as bad stomach pain.
Tomas Valdez: But now that I'm just, I'm taking my dose and, you know, like right after I get it ready and all that. Yes. And then I don't take anything for the whole afternoon.
Tomas Valdez: I then I wake up in my stomach's hurting. So I was thinking, you know, withdrawals, but I know that some Suboxone as alarm half life so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk pros and cons, the pros and cons, the pros and cons of this
Tomas Valdez: Sorry I keep looking off. I'm sorry I'm not doing it on purpose.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where they remember
Tomas Valdez: Look to the left. Remember
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: The pros.
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking care of yourself, you would be continuing to experiment what works best for your body. That's smart. That's a pro and you watched it. You like ooh it's worse when I take it in one full dose.
Gwenevere Abriel: The con. There's two that come to mind right away. Number one, you're not getting the dose. You need into your bloodstream. You're only getting half
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're never getting the right amount that never sits with the right amount. I'm just laying it out, never get the right amount. The one you actually need to mitigate withdrawal symptoms you never it never gets the exact
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're taking them at different times of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Day. So, second one is the second downside of of taking one of the big reasons why I kind of discouraged it in Dr. Solomon and I are not quite on the same page on this, but that's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're working it out. The second reason I don't love it is because it still reinforces substance addictive behavior.
Tomas Valdez: Behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it. Oh, I gotta take this. I gotta go check this against him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it is. Yeah, so
Tomas Valdez: I've noticed that like I get that feeling that same feeling now that now that I'm just taking it one time compared to when I was taking it two times
Tomas Valdez: I would get the when I was taking the two times I would get that feeling like I would get when I would you know use oxy or whatever opiate you know like OSHA egos.
Tomas Valdez: egos score. I need to go do a lion, or I need to go pop that pill or whatever. You know what I mean, like, it was like it was enough. It was the most important thing going on in my mind. But now I know
Tomas Valdez: You're out, you're either you're onto something there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I am.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people, they're taking them as much as three times a day for China. And I'm like, I can't, I'm like this is mimicking exactly what
Tomas Valdez: That defeats the purpose
Gwenevere Abriel: Of behavior is so it's a challenge. So there's pros and cons. I can't. I cannot, in good conscience tell you what to do with this piece. Not only is it out of my scope of training because this is the medication. All I can do is I can tell you talk with Dr Arielle about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I just talked about nutrition you and I talked about the gut brain connection you are open to it. You said you want to have an open mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you may, you may consider scheduling an appointment with a dietitian.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, you're really this is a condition that's very distressing for you it might end up getting in the way of socializing, it might get in the way of school. It certainly has gotten in the way of coming into your treatment program so
It gets worse.
Tomas Valdez: It's affected my school, the way it's affected my treatment program. So you can relate those two
Tomas Valdez: Okay, like it's really, it's really messed up my school like like I told you I don't
Tomas Valdez: I don't schedule any classes before noon ever. And that's that makes school really hard on me. But that's the only choice. I've had, but I
Tomas Valdez: During my semester I did my internship. I had to do a class at like nine o'clock in the morning, and that was God awful. Oh my god, I used to have to
Tomas Valdez: walk out of the door just like clutching my stomach like in tears. Just like you got to do it. You got to do it gotta do it and and I'd have to go and work out like that and then
Tomas Valdez: It is what it is, gotta do what you gotta do sometimes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like, in our subsequent sessions so that we do some of the interventions and techniques that that can be processing.
Gwenevere Abriel: These issues and it. It's not just, but today was about catching up. We needed to catch up and review your goals. Okay, but in the future ones. I do want to to be a little bit more deliberate about addressing some of those those gut issues. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's
Tomas Valdez: That's that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Too hard. I mean, oh my goodness, and if it turns out that what we're doing, has a positive impact everything from the breath work.
Gwenevere Abriel: To to the other interventions. If it turns out that that has a positive effect for you. Can you imagine that you robbed yourself of doing that. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have had it. We could have felt better. And right you didn't have an open mind. So definitely have an open mind and let's see if we can help you feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because this was this preceded the TBI, you had stuff going on. And I'm guessing that there's some stuff going on and family dynamics, some things back
Gwenevere Abriel: Long before this injury that maybe we can we can kind of have some reprocessing around. All right. You mentioned a goal that had more to do with the
Gwenevere Abriel: PTSD symptoms. I want to stop. So one quick sentence if we can. I just want to make a quick note, I want to stop talking about the accident, all the time, have you caught yourself going
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to talk about something else have you caught yourself.
Tomas Valdez: I've caught myself telling the story again. But I stopped myself now.
Tomas Valdez: I don't I don't tell the full story anymore. I found a way how to how to summarize it faster and
Tomas Valdez: Or even just tell a snippet of it and just okay so as well and I'll change this up to something that's like so vigilant of it now like
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that was a goal you had, you said I want to stop talking about the accident, all the time. That's a goal you set for yourself. Have you reached it
Tomas Valdez: Not yet.
No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's let's see if we can measure. Is it a matter of how long you're still talking about it. Is it the frequency you do it. What's a way we can really zero in on how to measure progress a little bit more
Tomas Valdez: I had a percentile in my mind like
Tomas Valdez: I'm at I you know I'm probably at a
Tomas Valdez: As far as like it like in Grades. Grades wise like I'm like I'm doing good at night. Right now I'm doing okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you, what do you want to be at
Tomas Valdez: War know where I was, I was at maybe a 60 or 58 or 50. You know what I mean. I want to be at 100 obviously I want to be at 101, you know, an extra credit, but I'll say
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we, what if sense what you want is less of something. What if we flip this around. What if we said
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe what you want is, do you want. You really want zero where you'd never tell anyone, any story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming. Come on. Don't you want people to know why maybe there might be times when you might be impulsive or maybe you won't think things through. Don't you want the people around you to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that big. I mean isn't part of your prefrontal cortex, the one that organizes and don't want people to know that that's the thing.
Tomas Valdez: I do. But I also don't want people to think that every time they see me, they're going to hear that they're going to hear a complaint, they're going to hear a
Tomas Valdez: Story.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's frequency we just found something. Watch this.
Gwenevere Abriel: More times than not. Do you want, do you want everyone or most people to at least know
Tomas Valdez: Most
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we got it. Do you want it basically tell it one time you want to tell most people a maximum of one time accepted.
Tomas Valdez: People
Gwenevere Abriel: Just love and you're just like, let's say fall in love or something and you need that might come up again and again. But for the most part, look at us. We just found it. Most people you want to be, say, at once.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, well then we were getting somewhere. Then, so I think if you were to come back and say, I've reached this goal, you will be
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll just say will be
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying it to most people for about, what, five minutes.
Tomas Valdez: What's that we mean whatever five minutes.
Story.
Tomas Valdez: I go longer than five minutes I go like 10 minutes like I get into details.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you want to keep it that way.
Tomas Valdez: No, I wanted
Tomas Valdez: I wanted. Oh, no, no. I wanted less than it
Gwenevere Abriel: So so so here's, here's the extreme opposite, just so you know man had a traumatic brain injury was in this accident big chunk of my brain that's that's not in there.
Tomas Valdez: And sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: I do is I kind of impulsive and I don't think things through these kind of important one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not, I don't really want to talk about it again. But if you ever see me kind of doing something like that I welcome you know pointed out to me or kind of consider that and don't get too pissed off. Now that was 60 seconds right
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's me. Right. And I went really extreme, it's not 10 minutes I went real tight, tight, tight, tight. Um, what do you want
Tomas Valdez: I before I before I tell you that I've tried what you what you did. And I'm scared to do that because I'm afraid people look at me like you're a frickin weirdo dudes like stop it, like, okay, cool, like if someone is like like
Hey,
Tomas Valdez: What's up,
Gwenevere Abriel: You take up 10 minutes of their time instead
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. What are you afraid will happen.
Tomas Valdez: What's that, what do you, what are you afraid will happen.
Tomas Valdez: Um,
Tomas Valdez: What, what do you think of me, I guess.
Tomas Valdez: Or, or, or what do you mean, I guess, I don't know, maybe I missed
Gwenevere Abriel: You said earlier, and then I'm gonna have to go. But you said, I'm afraid they'll think I'm a weirdo.
Tomas Valdez: Yeah, they're just
Gwenevere Abriel: A, watch, watch. The irony of that when I was describing it just now. I did a little role play
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I sound irrational or like I was missing a part of my brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So the irony is, I'm talking about a missing a part of my brain that's methodical and logical I'm literally saying I I'm missing that part of my brain. But what I'm doing in front of my friend is being rational and logical you see
Gwenevere Abriel: So you won't look weird. You'll actually they'll probably scratch their head like anyone who can self identify
Gwenevere Abriel: As the ability to be assertive and clear and precise and be able to make the connection between this injury and a possible disconnect and interpersonal level or maybe I don't show up for something
Gwenevere Abriel: It, they're probably going to say, Dude, like I was saying in you at all. I mean, damn, you're saying it right now. I think it's the opposite. I think it it's it's actually showing that you can be organized methodical and precise and socially competent. I don't see what you see
Gwenevere Abriel: But 10 minutes of animation and on and on. We're, we're WATCH, WE listeners can only hold one or two sentences at a time and you just gave me 10 minutes of probably because I listened to you before, probably almost uninterrupted
Gwenevere Abriel: monologue. Because if I don't interrupt and I'm not really pushing you'll
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll give me lots and lots of really great information. But it's hard to hold it. We don't. We can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people can't hold a lot. They can only hold in working memory about a sentence or two, it's not their fault. I can't either. That's why I'll say, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I want to think about that now because I'm broken but because I can only think for just this little bit so
Tomas Valdez: With it with the frontal lobe TBI. That's why, that's why I'm so but I don't mean to be pushy, and like in the inner interrupt people interrupt people because I know I do. I know, I know I interrupt people a lot but
Tomas Valdez: And I always say when I interrupt people like, I'm sorry, like, let me just tell you this before I forget, because, and then I have to go into story about how I have brain problems this and then. Okay, so this is what I want to say.
Tomas Valdez: I catch myself doing that. I'm like, Oh my God, you did.
Tomas Valdez: You need to tell them that they probably don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: We care we do care. We do want to understand. Okay, so what we noticed today. And this is stuff that you and I can talk about is if you if you liked what I did. Maybe we'll, we'll come up with is a nice short tight little story.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can practice it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can remember it, that's all because you couldn't remember all these details. I bet if we practiced and rehearsed it the brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can do a lot if we rehearse and rehearse that okay we can we can do that if you like that and you get real time to see if you're perceived as weird or not. I don't think you're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're gonna like the outcome because it gives space for other people to then have a response, and they can talk to you. And then there's a nice flow, we do need to go down to run this group.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna, I already sent the doctor a message. So she should be taken care of the order for you. I want to meet with you again, when are you free again.
Tomas Valdez: Let me know. Yeah, you let me know if you know you know my schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not right now. I do not
Monday.
Tomas Valdez: Tuesdays and Thursdays. I have class from like one I basically one to four and then
Tomas Valdez: Fridays. I have class from 1130 to two
Tomas Valdez: So there you go. That's my, that's my school schedule right now.
Tomas Valdez: Okay, and I have time to ask you what to do. But I'm going to, I'm going to run it. I'm going to run into my brother who I don't get along with. And I don't get out and talk to you. I'm going to see him now for this for the funeral.
Tomas Valdez: Okay, yeah, I know it did it by my grandma. It's about. It's not about us. So I think that's where it needs to stay and I hope you stick. I hope it gets better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just think of a nice thing to say. I hope you're doing well and just announce I'm hanging in there. She was close to me. I hope you're doing well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm hanging in there. I was really close to her. Hope you're doing well. I'm always here to talk to you memorize one quick thing. You take the lead by saying how you're doing just already have it memorized. Okay, something quick and easy like that and just hand them out to everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, everybody gets a dose of that the people that you can trust they get a little bit more. Okay.
Tomas Valdez: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will love. I'm gonna get have to go. I'll work out a schedule and texture.
Okay.
Tomas Valdez: Okay, bye. Have a good day.